Okay. So before I start talking about these variable declarations,
the first thing I want to point out is that none of these are
a particularly good name for a variable.
And none of them are particularly good names
because it's easy to confuse names like number int,
an integer, with the data type that comes before.
That said, two of these declarations won't even work.
Let's look at the first one. So we have here the word integer,
which is in the position where the variable type should be.
Now, in this lesson we taught you about two types: string and int.
So the computer will recognize int as an I N T lowercase,
but it's not going to recognize the word integer.
Your types must be exactly spelled and capitalized as we showed you in demo.
So this one is incorrect.
Okay. So looking at this next one,
the word int is correct here,
as we just talked about that.
This is a valid datatype.
The problem here is that you can't name a variable the same name as a datatype.
There are certain special words of Java that have a meaning for
the computer beyond just what they say, such as int.
This special words are known as keywords and in Android Studio, they're colored blue.
Now you can't name your variables the same as any of these keywords.
Okay. So this one also has an issue.
Okay, so this third one,
it looks like your datatype is declared correctly.
Now technically, this would work.
You've got to type here that the computer will recognize,
and you've got a name that is something that fits all the variable rules.
That said, the name integer is a pretty vague name,
and it could easily confuse someone else if they're just reading her code.
So because it's technically not wrong, I'm not going to mark it,
but you should consider a better variable names,
such as number for calculation,
which is little bit more specific as to what its use is.